Redux helps to manage application states and often used in React

Basic Terminalogies 

1. Redux -> it is the state management tool which help us to manage the complex states, 
            with the help of Redux we can create a 'CDS' which is the central data store which help us to 
            manage the whole data stored in just one store.So the whole data can be manage with just one store.

2. Reducer -> reducers functions,  Manage the State and returns the newly updated state. They are actually the 
             functions which manages the state in the redux and their are some 'Actions' which are the part 
             of the reducer functions [which is actually the paramater in the reducer function].
             It contains 2 paramaters:
                1. State [states we provide]      2. Actions

3. Actions -> They have 2 properties types :
                1. Type (Unique Identifier)        2. Paylaod (WHICH HAS DATA)

4. Dispatch -> it is created whenever we want to send an 'EVENT DATA' ,whenever events occur or we want to 
                send data to the redux so we have to use the dispatch function to sends the 'actions' to
                update the data .When we want to send data to the redux store

Cmnds
1. npm create vite@latest = create react project
2. cd projectName = go inside the Directory 
3. npm install redux react-redux

File Herreachy 
1. 'Create store' insde the 'src' folder i.e index.js [ It contained and used to Handle all the 
                                                    'REACT-STATES' in this file]

2. We need to provide store to the whole application, which contains in the 'App component' 
    [App component is the main component which conatine the store so all of the components will have 
    access to the react store] 
    Note : index.js [main.js for 'vite'] outside the src is the root file which contains App component inside it.

3. 'Provider' provide the store so we wrap the App component with it and we provide prop in the 'provider'

4. TO get the 'state' which is pass as paramater in reducer function from the 'Store' in the App.js  ,
         we use 'useSelector' hook from the redux to get that state.
Limitation on the Reducer function
1. They must be Synchronous function
2. We should not mutate the originanl state

Redux Toolkit -> it contains all the functions which will help us to mutate the state and will help us 
                    to automatically create and manage the actions Identifier.We don't need the hardcoded 
                    Identifier like 'Inc' and 'Dec'.
                    It also handle all the reducer function inside it by which we can directly called the 
                    reducer function from the main functions

                    npm install @reduxjs/toolkit  